Update ownership for marketing (#11618)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/marketing/ownership.md

Reviewer: Can we add a section "Owned by Sales" and add Brian's points there, it is still "marketing" afterall, we're not stopping doing these things.

| **SEO landing pages**           | Andy                 |
| **Social media**                | Andy                 |
| **Product comparisons**         | Andy                 |
| **Video**         | Alex                 |
| **Where people hear about us**  | Andy                 |

## Owned by Comms
## Owned by Brand & Vibes

| &nbsp                                   | **Individual owner** |
|-----------------------------------------|----------------------|
| **Case studies**                        | Joe                  |
| **Changelog**                           | Joe                  |
| **Emailing customers**                  | Joe                  |
| **Events**                              | Daniel               |

> | **Growth review**                       | Brian                |

Reviewer: I realize there isn't really anyone do to this without @BrianAtPosthog, but does this mean we are getting rid of the marketing growth review?

| **Website search**                      | Eli                  |

> ## Owned by other teams (who help marketing out)
> 
> | &nbsp                                   | **Individual owner** |
> | **Growth review**                       | Brian, Sales         |

Reviewer: This is more what I was thinking, we will still do paid ads and Brian will continue to own it.
```suggestion
## Owned by other teams (who help marketing out)

| &nbsp                                   | **Individual owner** |
| **Growth review**                       | Brian                |
| **Paid ads strategy and messaging**     | Brian                |
| **Paid ads design**                     | Brian                |
| **Paid ads operations**                 | Brian                |
| **Paid ads performance**                | Brian                |
```
